README.md, before:

# NSF climate change and local politics
Shared github for NSF DRMS Climate and Local Political Participation Project

Research Team:  
[Sara Constantino](https://cssh.northeastern.edu/faculty/sara-constantino/),  Northeastern University  
[Alicia Cooperman](https://www.aliciacooperman.com/), George Washington University  
[Manuela Muñoz](https://bush.tamu.edu/pols/degrees/phd/mmunoz/), Texas A&M  
[Kyle A. Trojahn](https://kyletrojahn.com/), University of Texas - Austin  
[Allison Donine Deese](https://cssh.northeastern.edu/student/allison-donine/), Northeastern University  
[Liz Muehlmann](https://liz-muehlmann.github.io/), University of California - Irvine

# contents
Each folder has an accompanying README file.

1. ArcGIS  
Not tracked. Contains project files for ArcGIS mapping and geospatial analysis.
2. [Cartography](/Cartography/) // [readme](/Cartography/CartographyReadme.md)  
Stores *pure* cartographic data. This data has not been merged with other data sources and is used primarily for boundaries.

Commit message:

add political, localview, cartography processing files

README.md, after:

# NSF climate change and local politics
Shared github for NSF DRMS Climate and Local Political Participation Project

Research Team:  
[Sara Constantino](https://cssh.northeastern.edu/faculty/sara-constantino/),  Northeastern University  
[Alicia Cooperman](https://www.aliciacooperman.com/), George Washington University  
[Manuela Muñoz](https://bush.tamu.edu/pols/degrees/phd/mmunoz/), Texas A&M  
[Kyle A. Trojahn](https://kyletrojahn.com/), University of Texas - Austin  
[Allison Donine Deese](https://cssh.northeastern.edu/student/allison-donine/), Northeastern University  
[Liz Muehlmann](https://liz-muehlmann.github.io/), University of California - Irvine

# contents
Each folder has an accompanying README file with details about its content.

1. [Cartography](/Cartography/) | [readme](/Cartography/CartographyReadme.md)  
Stores *pure* cartographic data. This data has not been merged with other data sources and is used primarily for boundaries.
2. [FEMA](/FEMA/) | [readme](/FEMA/FEMAReadMe.md)  
All code and data associated with [FEMA](https://www.fema.gov/about/openfema/data-sets#individual) data. 
3. [GIS](/GIS/) | [readme](/GIS/GISReadMe.md)  
Contains project files for ArcGIS & QGIS mapping and geospatial analysis. This folder is tracked with DVC as its files are too large for Github.  
4. [HEvOD](/HEvOD/) | [readme](/HEvOD/HEvODReadMe.md)  
Contains data downloaded from the University of Virginia's Engineering and Applied Science website that includes Hurricane Evacuations Across the United States. 
5. [IRS](/IRS/) | [readme](/IRS/IRSReadMe.md)  
All code and data related to IRS migration statistics. The IRS tracks migration based on the location where an individual files a tax return, aggregated for privacy.
6. [LocalView](/LocalView/) | [readme](/LocalView/LocalViewReadMe.md)  
All code and data related to the LocalView Public Meetings Database compiled by Soubhik Barari and Tyler Simko.
7. [Political](/Political/) | [readme](/Political/PoliticalReadMe.md)
All data and code related to politics. Including election returns, maps, and demographics from the US Census' American Community Survey.
8. [Python](/Python/) | [readme](/Python/PythonReadMe.md)  
Code for text analysis written in Python.   
9. [Methodology](/Methodology/)  
Contains the extremely detailed processing steps for each data set.
